{title:Crypts, Wombatism, Waric Fix }
{date:2013-10-22}

  Hi there everyone. Guess what? We have us a
brand spanking new test server. Now all you devs 
and dedicated testers need to pm your account 
name and what you do to o11c who was gracious 
enough to set this up for us. Now something new 
about this test, it has your live characters on 
it and you login the same way you do for the game.
If you don't want to be known as a tester with 
your character just use an open slot or delete 
an old toon.

  Also you dedicated testers Wushin would like 
you to work on weapon levels, spell levels, 
different spells and how they interact with 
other spells and the environment. He would also 
like feedback on armor and weapon levels so he 
can do the balancing so noone will be able to 
trick out their level 1 warrior anymore. Just 
make a post in the forums and get those ideas 
down.

  Okay no more calling Waric a liar. He's 
changed his ways and no longer lies to you 
about the reagents for the snake summon spell.
  
  Some sad news for us that know him Wombatism 
will be moving for the next few weeks and for 
those of us familiar with the process we know 
it can take a while to get internet. He did say 
that he would keep track of the game through the 
forums and on irc as often as he can, so give a 
shout out to him on the forums and say HI and 
wish him luck and speed with his new endeavour.

  The crypts are turning out beautifully. I and
 my crew got a sneak peek recently and it is an 
amazing place to visit. Hopefully it will be out 
in time for halloween but things are needing to 
be wrapped up a bit first (haha bad mummy joke).


Anyway this has been Skragar Cinderweb with the 
news of the day and watch out for my paper, 
it is coming soon.

{author:Skragar Cinderweb}
